we literally live right now welcome to
the man recaps this is the official
manner recaps pre game of thrones trivia
show I Manor big house
this is Vince and this is Adam my
brother how's it going to another every
ghost I was gonna not say your guys's
real names but I already but with your
added I'm committed an off-screen here
you just heard laugh is my beautiful
girlfriend she's going to be the trivia
master tonight asking questions we're
gonna try to stump me basically also
gonna try to stump Vince
it's how much Game of Thrones have you
watched I watched maybe a season and a
half but it was years ago nice but you
have watch it I appreciate that
so if you can get any information and
Adam what about you how much keep my
Thrones I've watched all game throws but
I'm very committed to not my bringing
things so well like how many times have
you watched each episode Oh
what's one one time you Jefferson I
listened to the first book audiobook so
that's how I learned any of the
characters that's probably your probably
above average game oh yeah I guess for
me it's rookie numbers I've seen every
episode at least four times I think I
mean are you online right now I'm ready
does the I mean there's a video look
good does it me actually
oh what am I supposed to be looking at
then you are you act go to my channel at
the top is there like hey your life
[Music]
I see some chats coming in so some of
you guys are there yeah I mean somebody
wants you to become famous I don't know
how this is this work so I know you're
live I don't know what's happening so
let me get the screen real quick
actually yeah okay so Vince I have some
questions for you
let's see if you can get warmer ground
from which house is beyond so he's the
guy
if you don't remember he's one who got
every house is though right
he didn't switch houses but that was a
good turn well where is he originally
from I could I could imagine his face I
imagine myself punching it think I'm
saying his name Theon Greyjoy Greyjoy
good house of nobles the house of nobles
I like it that's very good it's their
official well now and maybe maybe that
will be the main plot of season seven as
he grows packets or they find his doll
junk and they put it on his sister I
don't think that's weird enough for
George are the kinds of theories you
know people haven't considered yet it's
tough oh yeah oh yeah here play the
white Walker theme I don't know how to
not your your any technology person I
need my own late night show here it's
not but you can try do Johnny
if someone is it goes it's just a game
of Thrones scene but it's in a minor key
and slow this is Johnny white Locker you
guys have seen it lobby probably
drinking it right now or you will stand
tonight what we're gonna do because it's
cracking like ice because I'm so pissed
[Laughter]
because I'm so confident in my trivia
skills pour out these four shots right
here and if I get any questions wrong I
will in fact take a shot yeah we I
remember more things as I well I feel
like we drank a lot while watching
that's true yeah
drunk out of nose might be yes so bright
it doesn't drink and you know things I
drink in another I don't drink in Africa
this is gonna be delicious Lee at
lukewarm that's my favorite whiskey's
like winter this is Arizona winter
all right so the next question or I
guess the first question question by by
who or who kidnapped tired and laughter
when trying to make his way towards
Daenerys so tired got kidnap her to read
Wow yeah
oh yeah cheerio dear mister who captured
him on his way to dinners on his way to
Daenerys yes Vince do you remember this
one I don't what's given it was a random
guess name a character kidnapped him oh
yeah with their bare hands I would like
to see that yeah was it
dude that's love with her yeah with the
grayscale Jorah Mormont you got it okay
and you guys by the way I'll play along
I'll put it in the chat and everyone
let's go over see what people say and
don't worry about us reading is a good
question
I'm a huge fan of tormund Giantsbane the
wildling with the ginger beard for
though I think he's the best thrown if I
could yeah yeah all right so another one
for Vince we're starting a little early
and the first one for me I think little
fingers real name I like it at some
point but I don't like it so I just if
you type it wrong with Google I just
found this out
it will correct it to how they spell it
and Game of Thrones nice yeah it is
spelled pretty weird you guys in Chatham
you guys got it you guys know yeah they
definitely know it it is Petyr Baelish
yeah good learn Petyr Baelish nice
computer with the Y if you guys do
listen to the audio books you might
remember that alright so from which city
did Daenerys get her unsullied her army
30 minute recap tears he does I know
like if you say that name of these
places I'll be able to tell you they are
ok but no it's a purity place it is one
of the purity place a green has the most
pyramids that's the one that Dutch she
spends the most time in which he gets
there later eventually stays is that
what the Wizards know this with the
Wizards the Warlocks of Qarth that's our
yeah that was not enslave the bay it was
even farther down at the edge of the
world
I would love his did globe and as the
edge of the world just like sticking out
somewhere basically no the city where
she bought the unsullied was asked to
pour the city of in the plaza I it's a
city of red bricks the city of blood you
know people love it below you Kyle was
the second city just for completion sake
and traditionally is yellow clerk and
they she didn't about fighting now and
that was the one where I she's
threatened them they released all the
slaves yeah at the end of season two or
three I was a baby dragon so yeah just
scared of ever saw on a leash at that
point I asked for all right Vince are
you ready
cigarette II all right what's the name
of John's
direwolf
[Laughter]
poor ghost he doesn't come up to the
recap and he also is not around a bunch
in the show these days which is Rick
he's like still alive and hanging out
maybe we'll see him this season that
will take bets that's part of the game
of Thrones game if you're gonna play the
drinking game as you watch the premiere
if ghost shows up everyone does a shot
yes that's what they decided let me do
it Wow
alright Brendan this one's for you but I
think you can get it which name is given
to the bastard of the reach whoa you
know if I know something I'll later
castra Namath's no we're talking about
the reach what would be another bastard
name generic bastard name I'm feeling
it's something we really
they may like wind yeah I'll tell I'll
tell you is flowers flowers is the
bastard name from the reach that's where
the tyra prom it's rare flower princess
yeah they're on their own the flower
people storm is from the storm ants
which is wind related what are those
ruins that's why the brigands are
traditionally from sort of right next to
King's Landing it's in that bottom Oh
whatever gets kind of like it's like no
this is all just Lannister now yeah it's
it's sort of all now it's all sort of
Lannisters and then stuff to say yeah
all right Vince what bills came
Baratheon what kills the king poison or
the first one King Robert Baratheon yeah
first
this was a season one was that the gist
original guy who died yeah yeah goes on
a hunt and more of the series of attacks
are a bit longer it's accidentally Gorge
by a yeah there aren't there on the
kingside oh I remember that yeah because
the Lannisters were a trunk off his cars
yeah yeah he was drunk and failed to
like they go into it a lot deeper in the
in the books and in the show too I
skimmed it in the recap but it is
implied that serve T hacker cousin
Lancel who she was sleeping with yeah
who was your super the cousin who also
Lancel Lancel Lannister who named you
surprised okay like 30 minutes of gamer
fans that ever watched yeah I don't know
like sleeping with your superhot brother
is one thing but like sleep sleeping
with your cousin Lancel what good yeah I
feel like seriously murdered someone
during sex or know what I feel he was
one of the gay guys got murdered rings I
don't know that's all no I don't know
we're all seeing the Game of Thrones
wine here as well a 2014 vintages I'm a
hurry caps is pouring now this was this
was a gate birthday gift or Christmas
gift back you know when the first season
was there we still had a half wait yeah
so this is aged very nicely it's
actually it's actually been good lady
honey yeah
okay well yes if he blew up in the wild
fire explosion people up the whole cept
Lancel was a guy who later doing the you
know though sparrows the sparrows yeah
yeah he was the one who they he went
down there and found it almost blew the
candle app in time that just could blow
hello yeah it looks so funny when I show
back up I love how in Game of Thrones
sometimes the characters you think
they're gone forever you know he had a
small part in season one and two and
then he shows up and he's just like
you've clearly been working out you know
for his two off seasons
yeah he's like please in the show I'll
get Jackson alright so we'll talk about
the onion night how many finger tips did
Stannis Baratheon chop off of Davos his
hand
did you see the onion the onion night
yes Jim no that's that's up this is guy
Davos Seaworth his best friend whose
nose that's right after the sorry man
read you take it away
did he brought that yeah he saved the
siege Kings lemon back in the day during
the rebellion against King Aerys Mad
King him Stannis by sneaking in onions
another food is a great line and I just
on the real I felt really bad so one nor
yeah Lily starving the status gives a
great speech about how they had eaten
all the dogs gas and the rats and now
they're just boiling boiling flakes
so yeah the onions were a very welcome
sight
yeah oh I bet how many fingers if says
did he lose I'm almost certain that it
was just the four I know it was one hand
would he take a thumb I doubt it I feel
like Stannis was like no man should go
without a thumb we go three then price
is writing me president all round it is
for this job Ronnie gets wrong I
certainly can try let's check questions
for me yeah go ahead put them in and
I'll check them out see if there's any
good ones there by the way I hide
everyone they're coming I know it's very
exciting this we have a girls night it
looks like there are double digit
viewers there are I think it's 15 which
is pretty good yeah and I we are gonna
watch Game of Thrones so we did a fin
from is it Zack from the first we are
watching it we're ready to go yeah yeah
it is in an hour ten minutes you have
Game of Thrones so we will be ready
we're gonna stop this with time with at
least a half hour left so we can all go
watch the big recap that's obviously
Nepal yeah I took just a bit in high
school and but I watch it when I I
watched my recap in France in the French
Prince to see if people would auto
translate it well today did I call me do
they come what's snowing in French - did
you say wait alright play like with
subtitles are like they W I know they
transit subtitles there's a couple funny
things I think some good things pretty
well like up they still just awesome
yeah probably jobs I think it's just
John's now
are you caps it for you guys yes so what
do you think about the Hodor episode in
season 6 he says that it destroyed the
whole show and I had agreed I don't like
that episode I don't think it has any
merit you guys think about the board or
episode it's it's gonna wear that they
went back in town like that because it
doesn't happen in any other episode you
like it soaring in time this is like a
crazy show let's keep it in the arena
race that's already been established and
they they introduced time travel which
theoretically you can just sort of do
anything that right it almost seems like
brands ability these I've just been kind
of thrown in there as wildcard to be
like any plot holes that kind of forgot
about - thanks yeah and just be like oh
no it's fine this isn't a student man
every kept viewer yes it's very true I
don't normally like criticize the show
but it's perfect it's certainly not
especially in later seasons there have
been some strange plot choices and bran
is actually one of them his powers are
very inconsistent the hood webisode now
I did love it and I was bawling my eyes
out the whole time at the end there as
hold her Oh door was holding that door I
was laughing - but it is weird because
um you know it was sort of established
throughout brands tree powers that he
couldn't he could see the past he
couldn't impact it but there he is all
of a sudden he's there and somehow
somehow yeah if working into young Hodor
which causes whole time travel paradox
so yeah exactly that has huge
implications it's like wait if you could
affect him there
could you affect other things I also
don't like how bran can see the past
anywhere just sitting in his room yeah I
kind of thought you had to be touching
the tree - it sort of connected to the
network but uh you know they funding it
they're like three powers the
degradation of the word to get the Hodor
name seems like I don't know it just
seemed like a cop-out and I really feel
like George
named him Hodor before he had this play
and then was like oh whoops I now have
the biggest show on HBO we have to come
up with something yeah so what role do
you think bran will play that in season
eight
from the beginning I was kind of saw
where it was going and I thought you
know he's gonna learn to be the worg and
he's going to end up working the Dragons
yeah Oh that'd be a great way for
Daenerys to help control him be much
enmity issue anymore because she seems
to have just been like oh I can control
him now left uh yeah I thought brand
would end up working a dragon and that
would be sweet still might happen
otherwise I'm not sure what he's gonna
do out there I think so this is jumping
ahead a little bit to our predictions
but I think that bran is going to end up
working with Sam Sam is gonna be the
king of the Iron Throne and bran will be
here the second command oh wow rings
rather a breakout win the day
yeah how is how is Sam going to end up
on the throne why everyone else is gonna
die because fighting the White Walkers
is basically a suicide mission
yeah it could be yeah and like
everyone's just like so intent on
murdering everyone else that I he's just
gonna be like no he's in charge here and
Branston be like you're in charge
Sam I need to be look at Terry in turns
to be like not drinking so we have the
mana recap see it has written down his
predictions because he thinks he's going
to be right myself my predictions are
unfair yeah if I were to see them now it
would be basically a spoiler because I
know Game of Thrones so well and you
know read up on all the theories I think
I know exactly what's gonna happen so
I've submitted an envelope yeah about
two and tell you guys right never just
like a well me if I'm making him put in
a physical and because this is what he's
been bragging about for the last reason
it is that I know what's gonna happen in
Game of Thrones so I'm gonna break it
down you know you know you can like bet
on this in real life right this is a
really Kevin situation yeah it's an
interesting idea Kenan let's get the
Vegas odds I'll talk to you about the
what my fear is and I'll put it on there
so mister I think it's might or could be
Mick because it's to see
he says what if Jed curry ended up on
the throne so he's the bastard remember
that's a great point I mean if he has a
shirt off all the time sorry you support
Gendry I mean the King began throwing
and taking shirt off always yes yeah you
know it's actually it's entirely
possible because he is in many ways
theoretically the most rightful king it
was probably nothing about ruling any
kingdoms yeah it hasn't had much
experience with that so I wouldn't
recommend it you know you certainly a
step up from say Cersei or other other
bad people that could could end up on
the throne I'm excited for maybe you're
on great joy to sort of just joint get
you know just be like oh I'm sitting
here now what's up you're on your own
here's another batch of every 100 you
bail see there's another prediction for
you you're on man yeah he's going to
stone the throne now you can get eaten
by a dragon dress apart style I love it
I think that's a good call I feel like
they're definitely have a twist and not
use any of the top ones right now you
guys need to knock it off because I
can't see what you're looking at the
viewers can't see this if you get this
question wrong you have to take a shot
are you ready yeah can you give a
question that could possibly yeah it's
going to be a question that you could
possibly answer correctly all right who
is the mother of Jon Snow I don't need a
name but you can give me relation so
Daenerys is sister so who's his mother
oh yeah I also know us for a relation
right
so like I don't need the mother's name
but like how well then he said it with
his mother was Daenerys his sister Oh
which is not quite right yeah it's still
not right it's Daenerys his brother is
his father
yeah oh my gosh well you gotta take a
shot but I'm also gonna try and sum the
main recap but you've got your family
trees exhibition down let's see what's
the answer
yeah Liana starts the Queen of the north
at the start of the show the King yeah
Ned Stark's sister oh okay
I don't know actors all right Brendan
Washington's gonna go knowing somebody
shot deep Vince is gonna remember
everything bad news just some Brendan
yeah all right let's try can you tell me
at the house name for house Marr brand
that the house name
yes house Marr brand or their words
what's our words yeah let me think yes
sir Adam our brand is the guy that's
ever mention okay you're the worst
he's uh he's only vaguely mentioned ever
in the show I think probably at some
point in season one but he is sort of
the books a little bit more he's a
friend of Jamie he's a cool guy you know
that is a the how smart brand is
Bannerman for the Lannisters
you want the house words though let me
think um I think their sigil logo their
logo close it's got a lot missing that
wraps
Brax is the unicorn so I think there's a
huge crack yeah I know I've read the
books
so that's why I can answer some of these
questions in fact for its it's a boy
knows the words I need your words so has
my words words fierce and loyal because
how smart brand is burning bright and
their sigil is actually a burning tree
yeah so it will take a shot we did it I
finally got stumped by how smart Brian
oh yes I've had that one on the back
burner for a lannister a burning tree
yes so I'm so sorry guys for
pronunciations but is it flam Nick flam
ik yeah uh he's do you guys think that
the last remaining main characters of
different factions will rule their
respective kingdoms and Westeros will be
split or do you think they'll come
together and rule Westeros together and
that's kind of when we were talking
earlier that's kind of my questions Wow
exactly yeah your your prediction was
that there will be sort of no one on the
Iron Throne brass will end up in a seven
separate kingdoms sort of maybe a
democratic council situation whole Iron
Throne will be burned on down in season
14 the Democratic County it's like
burned down 21 candidates or something
yeah well I think it's entirely possible
that could be away it goes I don't think
so though that's not where I would put
my my best I do think that sort of
people in Westeros you know they're used
for hundreds of years now they've had
central King and I think that even for
Daenerys is talk of breaking the wheel I
think that people are still gonna want a
king or queen to look up to someone to
keep the continent and the Kingdom
together I do think though that probably
the characters that are left from the
various regions will end up becoming the
Lords paramount you know I think Santa
will rule the north
Sam Tarly probably will rule the reach
all the Tyrells have been wiped out he's
the last of the great Great Houses of
the reach things of that nature Theon
and his sister Yara if they survive
could rule the ions he feels definitely
surviving like let's be realistic
this guy's not dying he's me this far
guide this person individual wait I
thought he died no he's missing his yeah
that was in the just recap for those of
you just joined up tortured and I
assumed the implication was he died so
they just let him go yeah he ends up
escaping he saves Sansa when she was
married to Ramsay in Winterfell escape
together interesting he goes back to the
Iron Islands and it was where we left
him I hope we don't see him again
his sister yarrow it's captured by here
I'm will see him he'll have a little
plot lines because he's I'm on a mission
he always makes his way back in there
was there's a big battle on a lot of
boats and as funny was going on he just
jump overboard yeah yeah oh they're just
like he got scattered and nails until
the fight was over and then gotcha got
rescued and everyone's like oh you're
still alive yeah I didn't save you too
much wine I'm sorry we have all the
beers all the beers also Oh to my if
we're answering their questions were
before yeah I don't know I think it's
gonna unite under one king I think it's
guard is gonna rule probably the other
continent but I think the other company
in the bird Khaleesi originally will
probably just be their own thing in
nobody cares I think he's gonna go on a
dress kind of whatever political system
is but for the main coming in I think
the Iron Throne
it's tougher six episodes it's what
tough with six episodes to try and like
for me to think about did you say sex
for the season there's only six episodes
this season are they three hours of them
there some of them are pretty long
especially the last couple are pushing
like pushing an hour half like pushing
full movies but yeah it's actually
really disappointing I love it when game
of season is different season it's ten
weeks but it's really confident so Vince
would you like Cersei to die no okay
yeah do you remember which one Cersei is
yeah yeah she's the girl yeah that's
yeah no I mean like she's been they've
cut off so many characters from season
one like I started like the ones that
have been there to just the ground at
this point it would be interesting you
know cuz we all assume Circe's gonna die
well because she's kind of the bad guy
you know she's currently on the Iron
Throne
but she's well why is she so awful
action alright so she's the worst
listener she saw his orders everything
she does is just horrible yeah no she
has to become a white Walker she has to
become the queen of the White Walkers
and then you have a fool that is
actually mister usually beat oh she's
gonna ride a zombie ice dragon not does
the king white Walker have a name they
call him this is fun this is great
because it's like one person that's
qualified to I haven't thought about
this since the last episode like the
previous season yeah and I'm just making
the exactly yeah we got a perfect Pamela
here thank you guys for joining us we're
gonna go for a little bit longer still
we got some time I have never beaten
this my friend is who seen no Game of
Thrones only my recap basically oh my
brother Adam I've watched it all but I
just like don't commit anything a memory
I don't watch shows anymore I only want
be happy yes why do you need shows when
there are recaps right
I mean motion better than motion there
but you know we're all just here sensor
the boobs and you know YouTube ruining
news for everyone pretty rough it's true
did you really mana recaps yeah I was
the man of recaps i if you look at my
channel it looks like it's three years
old it's actually five years old I was
the man of recaps and I had the same
Game of Thrones seasons one through
three but yeah I just didn't censor the
books I don't know I didn't yeah it took
two years and some of you guys might
have been there from the beginning even
because those videos got pretty big
that's a shame from YouTube you know
great band no warnings no like take down
your videos put up new things just
channel pleaded yeah so it was good
though the freezing it ball side note
Simon thinks that Sansa does marry the
white Walker whoa
Sansa yeah airing the way Walker wait
what Mary's yeah marries the white
Walker make mine lady but I just learned
his name yeah yeah the night thing yeah
I mean you know I'm not saying
machine-type but if she did that would
be what I would guess well this um this
makes sense let's see there was some
question in the middle seasons whether
Sansa was going to like sort of go down
a dark path you know Littlefinger Petyr
Baelish we talked was I was sort of
guiding her training her to be a schemer
and I thought for a while maybe she
would end up going to pulled outside
yeah turns out being just an older man
is not enough you have to also not be
super creepy Simon then redacted his
statement and said sir see which one
King doesn't have know he's got it is
that what you were gonna say thank you
yeah
oh it doesn't have a dick no I think
it's the young gamers
dangerous place but I feel like a
zombies don't have sex drives so I don't
know this is a whole well he's not a
zombie though he's an offering from the
Wow the White Walkers are unclear
they're ready got some some warm flesh
which I agree not saying because it
sounds really gross Trump Savannah
recaps we got one shot left here that I
can still take yes I can take what I
took necessary so which house is a
direct vassal of house Baratheon of
King's Landing
no you have to it was multiple choice I
feel like I know that's easy
I've already got one closely I like
remember in my head at some point that
this came up and I was like oh we're
making distinctions now about actual oil
please direct vassal of house Baratheon
i can tell you i wouldn't i couldn't
wouldn't be able to come up with this
name okay I'm not gonna good thing is it
could could I fear to come up with the
group though without the meeting like a
description there's a couple of the
brass pins traditionally before Rob
Baratheon became king of all Seven
Kingdoms the Baratheon's were their
parents at the Stormlands
one of the houses from the show that's
directly vassal eyes to them is a Tarth
Brienne of Tarth and her father Selwyn
Tarth their direct vassals and another
big one I just had second ago is on what
I I'm supposed to be the expert here
Cedric Diggory is what I'm thinking in
my head
Robert same universe yeah
and of course oh they're daring sounds
the same okay beric Dondarrion all right
beric Dondarrion the other Dondarrion
house is also in the Stormlands restless
wearing a house hospira thean but of
course berry I wasn't there for any the
wars he was sent off and that's how he
ended up in the Brotherhood without
banners ooh
what else would they got so this is
stroke worth Stokeworth is the castle
and it's castles located in the crown
lands they are directly loyal to the
monarch not to house itself yeah I he
knew that he just didn't say it aloud
good good good question yeah I think if
it were he wanted the ball irony he now
is take a shot from the breath in House
Baratheon ours is the fury pick up yeah
yeah you actually L shouldn't keep going
we got another 15 minutes are you guys
at least before it's time to get into
drink we have all the beers as well
sorry we're gonna admit the dead the
dead zone they did ask mmm do you think
so this is also from I said it right the
first time I don't say wrong yes Zach
cron the first do you think the Hound
and his brother will ever make amends
make amends by amends you mean fight to
the death game over in my face it's over
yeah Sandor
and you know you know the hell he's the
one who's kind of the good guy now yeah
and then his brother the one who's now
sort of an undead guy sort of a
Frankenstein guy research bodyguard he's
the really big one that spot oh yeah who
was one of them like occasionally some
bacteria yeah that was um that was the
the mountain yeah gregor clegane he was
against Tyrion he Circe's guy oh he
serves he's like that's like a nifty
trick that he pulled like three times
tyrion tyrion is lucky with it's too bad
it's too bad you like oh well there was
a great news article when a guy tried to
uh I think it was Florida man always
four that's our home state but Florida
man demanded a trial by combat in court
yeah I'm like parking tickets well you
know long story short so we do have and
this one I allowed because I thought it
was hilarious
um so Podrick yeah Padma Podrick Payne
Squire - Brienne of Tarth man yeah why
RBI MVP looks very much like Gendry you
actor wise yeah yeah yeah you know
eventually now that moderates kind of
like kind of ripped yeah um so we have
this serie that Podrick will destroy the
night king with his dick
pondered events I don't think this made
it into my bakery cab of the full one
through seven but there was a great
scene Podrick Safety Ratings originally
Tyrion Squire
Tyrion Lannister the dwarf yeah Podrick
saved him at the battle back in the day
and so as a reward in the show Tyrion
brought him to a brothel and like there
was a great scene where there's like I
love Tyrion three gorgeous girls behind
the curtains you know and they had their
time with Bonnard then Potter comes back
with the back of gold Tyrion game and
he's like oh they didn't they didn't
want the gold they gave it to me on
house just because
you know I've got a magic dick well so
yeah that's a popular theory actually
that Podrick will kill the night's game
I love ya I love it I'm in fact I'm
all-in I think I think you're right all
right so let's try and stab you again
so if whose house words are nothing so
wise didn't question I don't know these
offhand none there on the shot glasses
well not not the ones I'm asking let's
see first of all I don't know if anyone
else was paying attention to this but it
is Game of Thrones trivia night on HQ Oh
slept at its 5:15
it's already over right no you're
starting it and it seems like a mistake
you gotta be starting it right before
Game of Thrones 15 minutes away a
special show with me the man recaps
though we're gonna do on this room is
that way you guys can arrow in here all
25,000 of you some other bigger channels
that have what beer I'm very poorly
doing a poorer for it's a the white the
Ommegang brewery winter is here double
white ale and it's only two years yeah
and it's been on top of our refrigerator
so we'll see how it was it was in the
refrigerator for at least three hours I
think you know the White Walkers
themselves they stuffed beneath the ice
for a thousand years
no that's mica No so imagine the beer
will stay
no I make sure I showed the last
vestiges of the wine so I give you tips
from Metairie yeah yes you don't need to
you don't need to drink the last drop of
wine and rinse your cup out if you're if
you're live on camera if you don't want
to get up alright so in the first
episode trivia wait a minute wait a
minute uh we our knowledge question what
would the house words I'm so sorry
is there a family that runs library
other than that Sam no
guess it right yet so I have two ideas
okay what are your two ideas my one idea
is House Hightower because they live
they rule old town which is where the
citadel is okay so they have some sort
of connection to the citadel and
learning and whether yes my second guess
is a there's a guy in the Iron Islands
in the book Roderick the reader and he's
all about reading but I don't think his
traditionally
last name but I don't think they're
there about that either
so research is like well is there like a
bro house because I would make them the
nuns or wives yeah
maybe again no so wise there are none I
am pretty good by the way
yeah it's really very present is its
toll it's not poison I have well okay
diet the red Game of Thrones viewing
trivia so it's actually house forward
where are they from what's their deal
oh you're gonna make me whoever it I
never asked that question you got to
back this up with some some anything
you've got a tough one of housewares
it's me um let's see nobles from the
crown ones they are sworn directly to
the Iron Throne good job
yeah did we did we do like we did was
that someone answer that her no I was
just trying to I do know a lot of house
words that you know people have no
business knowing but not that one you
got me good um let's see let's do
somewhere like basic game of throne yes
for just a little bit longer until we
all go off and win a million dollars on
each cue that's what's gonna happen here
today obviously all of us us group we be
better air explain the support rage
right I mean I've contribute we're
splitting it yet for waste and then
twenty five twenty thousand ways yeah of
course for the twenty two thousand
viewers I think so that we have right
now yeah nothing not fourteen
yeah no no one it's fine that's good
alright what is a light and our
relationship to maced Tyrell Elena Elena
Oh Elena well II and na LAN apostrophe s
you don't know this do you know and what
about it is do you guys I don't know any
of these names I are we still this is
Game of Thrones are we making another
eleven other set of people know that
Iran is a grandma Tyrell how I refer to
Erin I recaps
she's the queen of thorns is her other
nickname and she is maces mother in fact
how did she die Vince do you remember
how grandma grandma Tyrell
you know boob lady you boob lady her
grandma how did she die also phew no
that's just really old writing mmm no
this is this is actually this women oh
yeah yeah cuz what did she do what was
happening when she drank the poison just
one of my favorite scenes yeah she's
drinking
yeah who made this became this came uh I
mean I know it's very big
yeah yeah she's sassy Tyrell
this goes back to other big things that
happened in certain douche bag Prince
Kings got murdered
yeah and their mothers are the ones that
poison with his lady an idea
she said she drank the poison and then
told Cersei great oh yeah so Jaime some
reason just imagine I really Jamie
didn't want to be there so in my mind it
was yeah yeah he poisoned her because
that was the job because he's whipped
and he came through though she knew it
was poisoned so she drank it and then
told him right before she died it was me
I murdered your insects to Sutton so
she's already dead so they can't torture
her or anything
yeah it was a really cool scene yeah it
was like a super boss move interested
because she thought the sword accepted
poison yeah he poured it imported the
poison because he reenact oh yeah
recapping he's gonna this library got
the booth ready
so how am I to dive in tortured homebody
Rock drawn and quartered and he's like
Oh seriously wanted those but I
persuaded her not any ports little
poison her glass
she's like oh who let's be painless and
he's like I make sure of that
and so she chugged it immediately I
think she's like ah tell sexy I murdered
your son I want her to know it was me
and then it's like she's already dead
you know there's nothing to her at that
point so super baller hashtag boss [ __ ]
exactly so good how was this a meme I
turned like sitting there with like the
fake sunglasses on you know like
Photoshop is like it was me what do you
live in search for this Queen of thorns
me her it was me it was me I think I
searched it was me in the whole series
oh it's a t-shirt yeah tea show do you
what do you even wear it cuz nothing
I don't even have it I have Game of
Thrones pajamas and I have some tank
tops but it's not like warm enough yet
this is the Pokemon crossover yeah
brother recap says that one if there was
one person you would want alive in the
series there's Vince is good to go so
there was someone you could bring back
from the bed to the series who would
that's good question that's a lot of fun
and this will be our last kind of
question for the night that's good oh so
embarrassing they don't know her name
but they the redhead from the note yes
hey grant regret I figured yeah yeah the
one who actually married kid Harrington
in real life and they're so perfect the
other way she died yeah yeah she was
buried where you kept her death I did
but it was like that it was pretty early
on when the wildlings attacked the wall
they have a final showdown where it's
like are we going to kill each other or
are we in love but then someone else
shoots her oh they were on opposite
sides yeah exactly
exactly they fell in love but he was
still committed to the Nights Watch this
is one you know what Shawn means
character Ned Stark Ned Stark right
that'd be my choice cause like honestly
he shouldn't make it through his series
at some point
no it's fine if he was still around he
could turn he's got a great voice you
know the great Shawn beam beam voice
yeah who would I love to see around a
character that's died that I think would
still be great let's see they killed off
people that needed to die
I think Rob and Kylie though she's still
in the books it's tragic
how all of the start da rules are dead
except it goes re is no mere he's still
hanging around somewhere let's see who
else is dying Tywin Lannister should be
dead
Joffrey should be dead people are alive
so Simon says that the sand snakes mom
don't she was super hot
oh you're into a Illyria of Dorne and
then Zac Brown says Samuel Ned Stark
which would also be my choice it'd be
great dick I would not I don't think Ned
I think I like that I think that was
maybe the best job they did with one of
these is where he it the show opens with
him beheading someone and being like
this is a responsibility not we're not
doing this for fun but it has to be
happen and then he headed up I was I
think he needed to die and also I didn't
know who Sean Bean was just bite he's
the worst Mir but I do I do think one of
the brothers or one of those charts John
Tommen you know is he dead
I'll turn off the question who do you
want dead right now I'm gonna vote
beyond
ooh I know here's the question it's been
an interesting arc because he survived
this long he's gone through some sort of
redemption after we thought you know
Jamie is a redemption not Bianchi's yeah
I didn't say I just got tortured a bunch
but like what is the aunts end game you
know is he anything big left to
contribute to the plot no I've got a
quick answer though for who I want still
alive
I used to be my favorite character
Stannis the manness Stannis Baratheon
I think his plot line basically came to
a pretty good end but I kind of hoped in
my in my dreams that he would fail at
his entire war to win back win the
throne for himself but then like would
end up sticking around you know and
contribute to this final war against the
White Walkers and against surfy and then
just like be like oh I'm gonna go back
to I'm gonna go back up well I want to
thank back from Australia and from Spain
and Ireland all of you are staying up
super late or super early or you're in
Australia for some reason it's 10:00
a.m. in here for all of you out there
who are watching with I really
appreciate it
we're lucky enough that it's gonna be 6
p.m. when that's perfect time you know
kalisto's yeah yeah but we we really
want to thank you for joining us today
is there any last comments on game with
her something you're looking forward to
from the first episode something you
want to see the first episode
besides boobs don't say boobs but both
of you put boobs yeah you lose I asked
this question earlier will there be any
booze or sex in the final season here or
is everyone too busy I think we're
definitely this is hi Vegas odds we're
gonna see Jon Snow's buddy
I hope so one I would bet on but yeah
yeah I hope there's more butt than boobs
yeah yes otherwise I think I think I
would like to see uh I'd like to see
Aria just like full confidence murder
someone it'll be great definitely want
to see her I do hope that this episode
is not just a filler first episode get
everyone into place I want some twists I
mean they don't have any time your
spirit because I just found out we're
for purses short of what I thought
there's only six episodes not a full ten
also does it really take actually I
actually don't think there might not be
because there's only six episodes like
where they get if there's gonna be a ton
of HBO HBO is now taking the stance no
you want to see boobs go look at porn
yeah they're like come on what this is
now yeah yeah well thank you for
everyone thank you for our gentlemen
here who have been on our panel thank
you for those who are in Germany and
Morocco Ireland Spain so cool across the
world is anyone watching from America
yeah there's a few of us here in America
you know it's probably much probably our
and so yes man recaps you will be doing
a recap for season 8 yes oh absolutely
and will there be a reaction video
because that was the next biggest
question there is I'm going to do follow
me on Instagram if you haven't yet its
man recaps I'm going to go live as soon
as the episode ends and I'm gonna be
like initial reactions you know just
like some quick stuff then I'm gonna sit
down on my computer tomorrow and I'm
gonna do like a good you know of episode
one I'm gonna do one for every episode
of this season it's gonna be sweet I'm
gonna break down everything for
thank you thank you for having a Vince
and I on man recaps you guys are great
or not we're not the record recapping
and we don't know much about Game of
Thrones or Mentos so there's that in the
game of thrones earn or die yeah that's
fine well thank you from Jersey New York
across the world we really appreciate it
and we will see you guys soon so thank
you so much oh but we don't know how to
end it out so I'm just gonna do this
weird thing where